headphones headphones are a way for you
to hear some audio and then no one else
can so you put them on Boom mission
accomplished I can hear the audio but
you can't open back headphones are
specific type of headphones that let the
air go through them which allow you to
also hear the environment of the room
you're in so this is what a normal pair
of open back headphones looks like just
so you have some context this is my
daily driver pair of cizer hd650 these I
wear these at my desk I use them to edit
and so if someone in the studio wants to
get my attention they don't have to tap
me on the shoulder they can just say
something and I can still hear them so
this is what they normally look like but
over the past couple weeks I started
getting some emails with some very
different looking open back headphones
which to me is exciting because I wanted
to check them out but also kind of weird
because they're not that common of a
type of headphone why am I getting all
these emails all of a sudden but I just
started saying yes to all of them and
they all started showing up and they're
just as weird as I thought they would be
so first up is these These are the Sony
link buds open the link buds actually
have been around for a little while but
this is the newest generation and
they're called the link buds open for a
reason they are open back earbuds and
they basically accomplish the same thing
by having this little ring this little
circle the wing tip helps it fit into
the rest of your ear and so it just kind
of goes in your ear like this and you
can probably already tell it's it's a
little bit inset into the ear but the
ring with a hole in the middle lets the
sound get through but it still plays
sound and it's it's kind of trippy these
were basically the first non-traditional
open back thing to show up in my inbox
they've existed since like 2022 I've had
link buds for a while now essentially
the rest of them works the same way as
normal earbuds there's still an app
there's still controls on the bulb so
you can double tap the bulb to play
pause uh USB type-c on this little
sandwich looking case thing here and
honestly the the circle sit so far into
your ear when you put them in that I
think you wouldn't even notice that if I
walked by that I'm wearing open back
earbuds even though I can totally hear
everything as if I'm not wearing
headphones so I think that's probably an
upside that they don't look that weird
you only have to use these earbuds for a
short amount of time before you get
really good at just putting them in your
ears just like normal earbuds you get
totally used to the way they feel in the
ear and honestly out the box they sound
decent the thing about these open back
headphones is they're never going to
create the same feel in your ear as
closed back so they will never have the
same Basse response especially but you
know Sony's app has this really
interesting feature where you can blind
test yourself through a bunch of
different eqs to pick and I naturally
picked one with a bit more base to
compensate so they sound closer to
regular headphones overall really the
only downside for me is long listening
Comfort I'm just like not comfortable
wearing them for a couple hours so I'm
giving these a three out of five for
sound and a four out of five for how
transp apparent they are so then next up
you have these these are a lot less
normal looking these are the Bose Ultra
open and that's what they look like now
they look like they're in a normal
earbuds case but then you take the bud
out and right off the bat uh it's
different looking I don't know if it
looks like a lapel mic or what exactly
it looks like it definitely doesn't look
like earbuds but the point here is this
section is flexible and if you're
wondering why it's because when you put
it on your ear the back part goes behind
your ear and the front part goes in it
like that and that's how you wear it so
if you have like a piercing or an
earring up there you can't wear these
like the way they're supposed to but now
the earbud part is technically in my ear
and then the back section that would be
the button the battery the microphones
and the rest and so yeah it looks it
looks a little different it looks like
you're wearing um a not so traditional
thing on your head and I don't know it's
kind of not that weird actually from
that point on though they really get
treated like normal earbuds they also
have an app you can change EQ stuff they
have immersive audio support where you
can move your head around and hear the
different instruments kind of stay fixed
in place spatial audio if you want to
call it that and they do
feel very unobtrusive like I I really
after just a few minutes kind of I can
actually forget I'm wearing them they're
not like squeezing very hard they're not
very heavy I bet if I did a run or shook
my head around a lot they would fall out
but it would take a lot they're actually
pretty secure so this one I ended up
liking a lot for two reasons one it's
the most comfortable to wear for long
periods of time and just forget that
they're in your ears which is awesome
and they sound just as good as the link
buds with a little EQ adjustment but two
these are the pair that I think people
looking at you might actually understand
the easiest that when they talk to you
you can still hear them which is worth
something uh downside though they do
lack multipoint Bluetooth for the price
which is crazy but yeah I find myself
really enjoying how comfortable these
are as far as open back earbuds go and
the angle that they are at the back of
the ear means they don't really block as
much from The Real World getting in so
again almost no seal they can't compete
with the sound of normal earbuds but I'm
going to give these also a three for
sound but a five for transparency
because you can hear everything also Pro
tip the battery lasts way longer if you
turn immersive sound off so then we have
the nothing ear open and these have a
bigger case than the others but they
still get treated like earbuds you might
have seen these cuz nothing does all
kinds of marketing and they're kind of
everywhere but you got the transparency
look you've got the the right side is
the the Red Dot which is a nice touch
but uh these are again different and
there are a bunch of other earbuds just
like it but this is the kind that gets
curled behind your ear so here's how it
works you curl this back section behind
and then it goes over the top and sort
of floats in your ear like that so
there's a definitely an ear an air gap
between my ear and the bud which is
floating uh and it also looks different
I would say I mean this is not going to
trick anybody in thinking it's a normal
earbud especially because they're white
so they're they're contrasty on my skin
but that's what the nothing ear open
looks like and this one I just I feel
like I don't like it as much it doesn't
feel as secure in my ear I don't know if
that's because there's so much play in
in how much it can move around or if
it's just that doesn't fit my ear shape
particularly well but it feels the most
likely to fall out by far and of
course yep there you go you still have
on bud controls though you can actually
squeeze this stem here and there play a
little click sound and that controls the
media and answers phone calls and
everything it gets treated the same way
as normal earbuds uh there's also an app
where you can control EQ and mess with
sound and compensate and add base and
sort of mess with the way it actually
sounds but there's always going to be
that air gap and that's always there's
always going to be this sort of dangling
feeling I've never
worn uh earrings before but it kind of
feels with the dangling kind of like I
imagine earrings feel like I don't know
these get the specs right uh they just
happen to be in this form factor that's
pretty common that I just don't like as
much with the whole hook behind the ear
thing this is though a bigger driver
covering more of the opening to the ear
so you actually do get a bit more bass
and a closer sound to normal earbuds
I will say too nothing's X app has the
most advanced equalizer of any of the
ones that I've tried tons of detail you
can get into with specific frequency
response ranges and everything the
downside though has turned out to be
these have a lot of bleed like even more
than usual in the open back segment and
they also just they feel like they're
always going to fall off my ears I don't
know if it's just me but it just feels
like they're never quite secure and they
also may be the most dorky looking kind
of depends on who you are but the the
transparency Motif is cool for open bag
headon phones but also the white colors
and accents are a bit much so I'm going
to reward the sound Department with a
four out of five and transparency is
also a four good price tag too so next
up is the
nwm open back headphones and these now
they're not earbuds anymore they're
really headphones and maybe the most
open back that you could possibly have
so you put them on and they look a
little something like this the band goes
over the top like normal and then the
driver in the middle sits floating but
obviously is not sealed at all with your
ear and I can just hear everything else
in the room like normal it kind of
sounds like a there's a speaker floating
next to my head which I think is
actually a success and actually
personally I'm a I'm a big fan of this
design so the cushion here is is pretty
small it doesn't have this huge ear
cushion because again it's trying to be
thin they're not trying to create this
seal with your ear it doesn't have to be
some amazing cushion but it's pretty
soft and then when you put put it on
your ear it's super lightweight like
this is the lightest pair of head I mean
they look lightweight but this is the
lightest pair of headphones I think I've
ever worn and so because of that you can
also kind of start to forget you're
wearing them but they are wireless and
then they have this interesting feature
and I've been trying to figure out why
they did this and it's still not super
clear to me but they can
pivot like that and that sort of tilts
the driver backwards when you're
listening to music or when you have a
phone call going and you tilt the
drivers it tilts them away from your ear
and so it becomes really muffled and I
don't hear it very well anymore but if
that's supposed to be some sort of like
conversational feature where I I'm I'm
talking to someone so I'll just turn
them like this I don't think the person
I'm talking to is going to know what's
happening all that being said I think
this is my favorite set of weird open
back headphones super light super open
uh there's still controls on the left
side and a volume rocker it supports
multiplay and Bluetooth it has a 20h
hour battery life on a single charge and
the bonus is you can also still wear
these with behind the ear hearing aids
underneath them fun fact I did also play
with the the pivoting thing a little bit
more turns out you can kind of put the
headphones right over the middle of your
ears and point them straight in or kind
of move them forward a bit and then
pivot them back into your ears so both
work and you can play with the height
too to kind of get them just right so
that's probably the point of the pivot
so what's not to like well they do they
just feel kind of cheaply built for the
price you're paying and and this is also
the case that it comes with here it's
just packaging there really is no
carrying case so that could be a worry
for people trying to travel with these
things but overall they're well done and
they're getting my highest rating yet
this is a four for sound and a five for
transparency so then last but not least
there's these which are not officially
out yet but I did get an email from I
believe the founder who sent these out
these are the move engine
m600 and and they are also open back
headphones but you can see that they
look a little bit different because of
the hole through the middle of them they
serve the exact same purpose in the
exact same way when I put them over my
ears they are also pretty lightweight
and they look actually from most angles
kind of like normal headphones until you
see them from the side and then you may
notice that you can you can see the ear
of the person wearing them but they're
pretty comfortable they're also still
lighter than normal headphones and I
imagine they're trying to make them look
like this so that they're not as uh
unusual as the other sort of
non-traditional ones so I felt like
initially these might have had the most
potential to have the best combination
of sound quality and transparency CU
When you look inside here like you have
all these all this room for these these
big drivers and all the sound can come
in here but the issue is basically that
your ear is in the middle and you want
the sound to come through the middle and
it doesn't which is why these end up
sounding better which is crazy but it's
because they point the audio directly
into your ear so these they have this
interesting look and it's so cool
because yes it works I can hear the
outside world when I put them on but
it's also now a little bit more muffled
because there's still this cavity around
my ear and it actually suffered for that
so as much as these look like they'd be
better and more like real headphones
these were better at almost everything I
wanted to give these the benefit of the
doubt so bad just from being you know
brand new almost not really even a
product yet there is no app there is no
EQ adjustment the sound quality is
really bad and they're just kind of
built like a 3D printed prototype but
hey the upside is they are a proof of
concept a proof that the ring design
with the hole in the middle is actually
worse than the driver in the Middle with
the air all around it sound quality two
transparency two now I got to end with
this look these are are fun openback
headphones are fun but modern-day
headphones have sort of tackled this
Niche directly because you can put in
today's modern earbuds or headphones and
then the microphones on the outside will
pass through the sound of the outside
world straight through into your ears
it'll sound like you're not even wearing
headphones at all because of
transparency mode and then they build
features on top of that like
automatically attenuating super loud
damaging noises or even being able to to
turn your earbuds into hearing aids like
apple just did with the airpods Pro 2
and then you can just hit a single
button and turn them into noise
cancelling headphones also which none of
these could ever do so that makes the
modern headphone much more versatile
it's literally two pairs of headphones
in one but I will say the thing about
transparency mode is not all
transparency modes are created equal so
if you really wanted to argue for these
you could say you know airpods have
really good transparency mode and I've
heard some others get close to as good
but some others which this requires
compute some others aren't as accurate
some others are a little bit muffled
they have a tiny bit of a delay they
don't sound as good as like a normal
pair of transparent headphones so you
could argue that if you want the best
transparency mode possible then you'd
want something like this because nothing
beats actually hearing the real world
around you so if transparency mode is
virtual reality headset then open back
headphones are AR
glasses think about it it makes sense
thanks for watching check out another
headphone video right here and I'll
catch you guys in the next one peace
[Music]